Q:- What is React Js?
ANS:- React is a free and open-source front-end JavaScript library for building user interfaces based on components. It is maintained by Meta and a community of individual developers and companies.


Q:- What is NPM in React Js?
ANS:-npm stands for Node Package Manager. It's a library and registry for JavaScript software packages. npm also has command-line tools to help you install the different packages and manage their dependencies. 


Q:- What is Role of Node Js in react Js?
ANS:-You can combine React with Node js by setting up the app's back-end via express-generator, taking the help of create-react-app for React-based front-end development, using Axios for API calls, effectively handling POST requests on the server, using express-file upload, and finally connecting React with Node. js.


Q:-What is CLI command In React Js?
ANS:-CLI is a text-based program that enables users to instruct computers with text commands. It is used for running programs, managing computer files, and also interacting with computers. CLI accepts text inputs as commands and runs these commands to execute specific tasks.



Q:- What is Components in React Js?
ANS:-Components are independent and reusable bits of code. They serve the same purpose as JavaScript functions, but work in isolation and return HTML. Components come in two types, Class components and Function components



Q:- What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
ANS:-Headers are compositions that extend standard navbar functionalities. They contain additional components like a jumbotron, sub-navbar, or image covers which serve as a containers for extra navigation elements - usually links, forms, or call-to-action buttons.

Q:-How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to 
install NPM and How to check version of NPM?
ANS:-  Step 1: Install Node.js installer 
       Step 2: Open command prompt  to check whether it is completely installed or not
       Step 3: Now in the terminal run the  command: npm install -g create-react-app 
       Step 4: Now Create a new folder where you want to make your react app 
       Step 5: Now inside this folder run the command: NPM create-react-app YOUR_APP_NAME
       Step 6: After installation completed to start your app run the command:npm start 
To see the most current version of a package in the npm repository, use the npm view npm get version of package-name version command.


Q:- How to check version of React Js?
ANS:- METHOD 1:- You can check React JS version directly by visiting the JSON file. You can find the version of the React app under the dependencies{} section

      METHOD 2:-  Use the command line to check the latest version of ReactJS. You can run the command:-npm view react version


Q:- How to change in components of React Js?
ANS:- We can change any data in components by using useSTATE() hook, State does re-render the Component and thus it updates and change data in components

        
               